Improve throttle mediator doc (#1026)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/throttle-mediator.md

# Throttle Mediator

The Throttle mediator can be used to restrict access to services.
This is useful for enterprise-level services to avoid heavy loads that can cause performance issues in the system. 

> It can also be used when you want to restrict certain user groups (i.e. IP addresses and domains) to access your system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be used when you want to restrict certain user groups (i.e., IP addresses and domains) from accessing your system. 
```

> It can also be used when you want to restrict certain user groups (i.e., IP addresses and domains) from accessing your system. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can also be used when you want to restrict certain user groups (for example, IP addresses and domains) from accessing your system. 
```

The Throttle mediator defines a throttle group which includes the following.

> -   A throttle policy defines the extent to which, individuals and groups of IP addresses or domains should be allowed to access the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A throttle policy defines the extent to which individuals and groups of IP addresses or domains should be allowed to access the
```

</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Maximum Request Count</strong></td>
<td><div class="content-wrapper">
<p>The maximum number of messages served at a given time. The number of messages between the inflow throttle handler and the outflow throttle handler cannot exceed the value entered for this parameter at any given time. This parameter value is applied to the entire system. It is not restricted to one or more specific IP addresses/domains.</p>
<p>When this parameter is used, the same Throttle mediator ID should be included in the response flow so that the completed responses are deducted from the available limit.</p>
</div></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Throttle Type</strong></td>
<td>This parameter is used to specify whether the value(s) entered in the <strong>Range</strong> parameter refers to IP addresses or domains.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Throttle Range</strong></td>
<td><p>This parameter is used to specify the IP addresses/domains to which the entry in the current row should be applied</p>
<ul>

> <li>If you want to apply the entry to a range of IP addresses, enter the range in this parameter, e.g., <code>8.100.1.30 – 8.100.1.45</code>. Alternatively, you can enter a single IP address to apply the entry to only one IP address.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li>If you want to apply the entry to a range of IP addresses, enter the range in this parameter, for example, <code>8.100.1.30 – 8.100.1.45</code>. Alternatively, you can enter a single IP address to apply the entry to only one IP address.</li>
```

<li>If you want to apply the entry to a domain, enter the required domain ID in this parameter.</li>
<li>If you want to apply the entry to all the IP addresses/domains that are not configured in the other configurations, enter <code>other</code> in this parameter.</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Access Type</strong></td>
<td><p>This parameter is used to specify the extent to which the IP addresses/domains specified in the <strong>Range</strong> parameter are allowed access to the service to which the throttle policy is applied. Possible values are as follows.</p>
<ul>

> <li><strong>Allow</strong> : If this is selected, the specified IP addresses/domains are allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied without any restrictions.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Allow</strong>: If this is selected, the specified IP addresses/domains are allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied without any restrictions.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Deny</strong> : If this is selected, specified IP addresses/domains are not allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied .</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Deny</strong>: If this is selected, specified IP addresses/domains are not allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied .</li>
```

> <li><strong>Control</strong> : If this is selected, the specified IP addresses/domains a re allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied. However, the number of times they can access the services is controlled by the <strong>Max Request Count</strong>, <strong>Unit Time (ms)</strong> and the <strong>Prohibit Time Period (ms)</strong> parameters.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Control</strong> : If this is selected, the specified IP addresses/domains are allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied. However, the number of times they can access the services is controlled by the <strong>Max Request Count</strong>, <strong>Unit Time (ms)</strong>, and the <strong>Prohibit Time Period (ms)</strong> parameters.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Control</strong> : If this is selected, the specified IP addresses/domains are allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied. However, the number of times they can access the services is controlled by the <strong>Max Request Count</strong>, <strong>Unit Time (ms)</strong>, and the <strong>Prohibit Time Period (ms)</strong> parameters.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Control</strong>: If this is selected, the specified IP addresses/domains are allowed to access the services to which the throttle ID is applied. However, the number of times they can access the services is controlled by the <strong>Max Request Count</strong>, <strong>Unit Time (ms)</strong>, and the <strong>Prohibit Time Period (ms)</strong> parameters.</li>
```

</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>On Accept Branch Sequence Type</strong></td>
<td><div class="content-wrapper">
<p>This parameter is used to specify how the On Acceptance sequence is defined. The following options are available.</p>
<ul>

> <li><strong>In-line Sequence</strong> : If this is selected, the mediation sequence to be applied to accepted requests can be defined within the Throttle mediator configuration. Click on the <strong>OnAccept</strong> node in the mediation flow to define the sequence in-line once the throttle mediator is added.<br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>In-line Sequence</strong>: If this is selected, the mediation sequence to be applied to accepted requests can be defined within the Throttle mediator configuration. Click on the <strong>OnAccept</strong> node in the mediation flow to define the sequence in-line once the throttle mediator is added.<br />
```

</li>

> <li><strong>Referring Sequence</strong> : If this is selected, you can refer to a predefined mediation sequence.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Referring Sequence</strong>: If this is selected, you can refer to a predefined mediation sequence.</li>
```

</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>On Reject Branch Sequence Type</strong></td>
<td><div class="content-wrapper">
<p>This parameter is used to specify how the On Acceptance sequence is defined. The following options are available.</p>
<ul>

> <li><strong>In-line Sequence</strong> : If this is selected, the mediation sequence to be applied to rejected requests can be defined within the Throttle mediator configuration. Click on the <strong>OnReject</strong> node in the mediation flow to define the sequence in-line once the throttle mediator is added.<br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>In-line Sequence</strong>: If this is selected, the mediation sequence to be applied to rejected requests can be defined within the Throttle mediator configuration. Click on the <strong>OnReject</strong> node in the mediation flow to define the sequence in-line once the throttle mediator is added.<br />
```

</li>

> <li><strong>Referring Sequence</strong> : If this is selected, you can refer to a predefined mediation sequence.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Referring Sequence</strong>: If this is selected, you can refer to a predefined mediation sequence.</li>
```

### Example for a concurrency-based policy

> This sample policy only contains a component called `MaximumConcurrentAccess` . This indicates the maximum number of concurrent requests that can pass through Synapse on a single unit of time, and this value applies to all the IP addresses and domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample policy only contains a component called `MaximumConcurrentAccess`. This indicates the maximum number of concurrent requests that can pass through Synapse in a single unit of time, and this value applies to all the IP addresses and domains.
```
